:recycle: restructure addition docs (#145)
neo4j/docs-ops-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/addition/agent-installation/manual.adoc

----

Please refer to the full list of options <<configuration,here>>.

==== Starting and stopping

To start the service:

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
agent service start
----

To uninstall the service:

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
agent service uninstall
----

== Running as a console application

All <<configuration, configuration>> values for the agent should be set as environment variables before starting the agent.

[source, terminal, role=noheader]
----
agent console
----

[[verify]]
== Verify agent setup
Ensure agent has contacted NOM server, is online and is reporting DBMS(s) correctly.

. Return to Agents listing in global settings
+
image::agents.png[width=800]
. Identify the newly created agent.
. Check that there is a value for _Last contact time_.
    ** If the agent has never contacted NOM server then go back to where the agent is running and check the logs.
    It may be that the server address is configured incorrectly or the TLS certificates are not correctly specified. 
. Verify that the agent has a current status of `Online`. 
    ** If the agent is not currently online then go to where it is running and check the logs.

> . Hover over the newly added agent and select "View Configuration" from the menu on the right to show agent configuration. Check configuration is as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Hover over the newly added agent and select "View Configuration" from the menu on the right to show agent configuration. 
Check configuration is as expected.
```

| `CONFIG_TOKEN_CLIENT_SECRET`
| Client secret for the agent
| secret

| `CONFIG_TLS_TRUSTED_CERTS`
| PEM encoded trusted CA list ()
| `/path/to/a/pem/file`
|===

[NOTE]
====
Since agent-server communication needs to be encrypted, you need to configure the agent so that it trusts the server's certificates.
The file that contains the trusted certificate list (PEM encoded) can be specified through the `CONFIG_TLS_TRUSTED_CERTS` environment variable.

> While most operating systems default to the system-wide trusted certificates, that's not the case on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most operating systems default to the system-wide trusted certificates, but that is not the case on Windows.
```

| 9500

| `CONFIG_INSTANCE_n_LOG_CONFIG_PATH`

> | Path to the instance xref:querylog[log4j config file].

Author: I missed this completely 🤦. 

Do you think it would be even better if we re-instated a separate section for the location of that file? Maybe as a subsection of the querylog section?

Reviewer 2: Yes, also to reduce duplication, we should do something here.

I suggest putting the sentence " If CONFIG_INSTANCE_n_QUERY_LOG_PORT is not set, the feature is treated as disabled. The rest of NOM still works." to the description of CONFIG_INSTANCE_n_QUERY_LOG_PORT.

Then move "The location of server log configuration ..." including the IMPORTANT section to "Query log collection" on the page "Neo4j instance requirements" including adjusting the links from CONFIG_INSTANCE_n_LOG_CONFIG_PATH to point there.

WDYT?

Author: That sounds like a good plan 👍

Reviewer 2: OK, so I'll commit it to your branch so that you can review.
